monitoring: docs for builtin (#6106)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/monitoring_and_tracing.md

# Monitoring and tracing

## Builtin monitoring

A Sourcegraph instance includes [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/) for monitoring and [Grafana](https://grafana.com) for monitoring dashboards.
 
Site admins can view the monitoring dashboards on a Sourcegraph instance:

1. Go to **User menu > Site admin**.
1. Open the **Monitoring** page (last menu item in the left sidebar). (The URL is `https://sourcegraph.example.com/-/debug/grafana/?orgId=1`.)

> We are in the process of finalizing the set of provisioned dashboards and [documenting](monitoring_dashboards/index.md) them. 

Reviewer: What is the purpose of this sentence? Can we instead just say...

```suggestion
See [descriptions of the Grafana dashboards provisioned by Sourcegraph](monitoring_dashboards/index.md). 
```

> NOTE: We are running Grafana behind a reverse proxy. Grafana is not fully integrated with our CSRF protection so there is a known issue: when the Grafana
> web app in the browser makes POST or PUT requests Sourcegraph's CSRF protection gets triggered and responds with a "invalid CSRF token" 403 response.

> > We are working to solve [this issue](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/6075). As a workaround site admins can connect to Grafana directly to make changes to the dashboards. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> We are working to solve [this issue](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/6075). As a workaround, site admins can connect to Grafana directly to make changes to the dashboards. 
```
